I saw myself as the weakest person God
ever
created I came from a horrible
background I got caught [__] every day
of my life growing up um Liv in a small
town one of the high UPS in the KKK son
sat behind me in two classes so you call
me [__] all the time got my first car
they spray print niggaer we're going to
kill you on it so I was just an insecure
scared kid but the best thing that
happened to me no one helped me so the
things that we run run from we're
running from the truth we're running
from the truth man as painful and as
brutal as it is we have the ability to
go in such a space if you're willing to
suffer and I mean suffer your brain and
your body once connected together can do
anything the only way you're ever going
to get to the other side of this journey
is you have got to suffer to grow to
grow you must suffer so I wanted to
change to be the hardest man ever
created and my goal when I was sitting
there not going to school being bullied
being having no self-esteem my goal was
the only person that's could turn this
person around is me how that's the
question how are you going to do that I
had to build calluses in my brain the
same way I built calluses on my hand so
I broke the against book the worlds
record for PS a long time ago but I felt
at it twice and I did 67,000 pull-ups in
trying to break this record so to do
4030 pull-ups I had to do 67,000 for
training for that but if you can get
through to doing things that you hate to
do on the other side is greatness that's
what people understand by me running I
am callous in my mind I'm not training
for a race I'm training for life I'm
training for the time when I get at 2:00
in the morning call that my mom is dead
or something happens tragic in life I
don't fall apart I'm training my mind
and my body and my spirit so it's all
one so I can handle what life is going
to throw at me because the life I've
lived it throws a whole bunch at you and
if you're not physically and mentally
prepared for that you're just going to
crumble and you're good for nobody even
the hardest men in times of suffering
what we do is we forget how hard we
really are
suffering is the true test of life we
are all great no matter if if you think
you're dumb no matter you think you're
fat no matter if you are fat no matter
if you've been bullied or no matter if
you just got back from Iraq or
Afghanistan and you have no legs or your
arms or whatever man we all have
greatness
[Laughter]
oh